to me
laughing all these songs talk about
one thing in common that humans
fascinates many peaks where you take off
There are several ways to name a
exquisite kiss
but because the human being needs
face your mouth open with your mouth
open of another individual shows the
Affection between people is a way
to show love affection to your family to
the person you want
for the sexologist sushi hidalgo the kisses
many times they can replace
words say that in the kiss the
soul and another because it is delicious to whom
does not like the two nerve terminals
of the mouth and tongue are
extraordinary and they have many
senses in Ecuador as in 90% of
the countries of the planet the kiss is used
as a social expression of affection
greeting respect or love
there are countries where it is prohibited
Kissing in public like in Malaysia
Arab emirates or Iran
for religious reasons and
violators are fined with money and
even putting them to jail for
some days many things can be
say of the kisses but now you have
on his day April 13 is the day
international of the kiss celebrated by a
long oral contact 46 hours
this Thai couple achieved in 2011
when we kiss, they get involved 12
facial muscles one of them is the
orbicular muscle of the mouth that allows
produce lips like a baby
drinking milk in ancient cultures the
mothers chewed food for their
small children and they passed them to the
mouth this is the first track
we have of the origins of the kiss between
lovers the earliest references
we have them from texts of writings of the
india about 1500 years before Christ
but what types of kisses know the
French with the tongue involved the kiss
romantic the passionate and sensual
for example kiss you do not give mother the
kiss that we give to our partner
to our children the one on the cheek that is
more like something traditional in health
let's start by defining the little piquito is a
light kiss where the lips only arrive
to bump into but under what circumstances two
individuals are given a peak bother
hesitate in a bet for example
hesitate I do not know how the first kiss that
closed a person was throw a peak
there is the French kiss known for being
passionate since the tongue is used a lot
romantic when you have confidence with
that person and what if we talk about
kiss of death known
mainly in the sacred
scriptures when judas betrayed
Jesus is represented with a kiss on the
cheek there is the kiss of synchronizing
in which one of the two seeks only one
peak and the other simply abused the
trust
the stolen kiss is another one of the most
common mainly in the
adolescence almost like a game to see if
sometimes to the boy or the girl so that
leave with you but there are good and
bad experiences with this kind of kiss
they catch you from unforeseen
you feel something for that person but not
this row that will give you then
been just must be more than mutual
agreement does not know how one will react
the other person if it comes in that
directly uncomfortable plan because I do not know
waiting for the convenience of apology
derogatory
but there are also those you do not see
that if you want to steal one you have to be
faster because if you could sidestep
be worse the situation for you and sometimes
a kiss can be terrible if so
first time because he did not know how to kiss and was
like there's now that I do that was
with flu
and we had the bad luck to touch the
teeth and being good or bad in
Each kiss couples share
bacteria from their mouths it is estimated that
about a kiss of 10 seconds
It transmits about 80 million
microorganisms
as I listen to 80 million people
they are exchanged in a minimum time
which help us with digestion and
fight microorganisms foreign to the
human body but can the kisses and the
Saliva exchange be dangerous
for our health and you have for example
the herpes virus with what we
we know how the fires simply
by the touch of the lips that have the
fire can transmit this as the
flu that we have the most common if
can get the flu by kissing if
a person has gingivitis this is
production by bacteria if you see it
a person who does not have gingivitis
you are going to spread the disease
kiss his scientific name is
infectious mononucleosis regularly not
it is serious but the patient could
present fever headache or
rashes although in adults of
these diseases could be transient
according to the specialists you have to have
greater care with children under 5
years children are not owed or kissed
or give them kisses worse in the mouth because
you are transmitting you all your
matters and a newborn a child
less than 5 years old will not have the same
matters that you have throughout your life
connected in your mouth
but you know what happens in your body
when you kiss our lips have
many nerves and the skin is very thin
the somatosensory cortex of the brain
Deliver more space to our lips
that to our genitals good
typically what it generates in the being
human are the endorphins and everything
finished hénin so it makes you happy
endorphins make you happy when
you eat chocolate but it's much better
when you kiss there are people who can
to have
unused pleasures only through
of the kiss from there that comes from the kiss
it is a sublime expression in the brain
substances like the
oxytocin hormone related to
sexual patterns or endorphins the
dopamine the serotonin known as
the hormones of happiness while
we kiss the body produces less than
the stress hormone called cortisol
for all this set of reactions
both physical and chemical is that
there are kisses that make history like
kiss of the lovers of time square in
new york when a sailor and a
nurse thus celebrated the end of the
WWII
or the controversial kiss between Diego Maradona
and claudio caniggia titled the kiss of the
soul when mouth juniors thrashed 4-1 to
river plate
and how about the lesbian kiss of the queen
Pop Madonna with Britney Spears and
christina aguilera
in this compilation can not miss the
Kisses from movies like the meeting
between humphrey bogart and ingrid bergman and
How about a kiss on the edge of a
transatlantic about to sink
and of course a political kiss between
the eric honecker communist leaders of
East Germany and Leonidas Brezhnev
the Soviet Union despite the controversy and
the ridicule that unleashed in the West was
really a common sign of solidarity
socialist
celebrate the day of the kiss is only
a symbolic act what is really
important is to kiss our beloved
with passion and delivery since it is good
for our physical and emotional health not
you necessarily need to kiss you in
long but yes very much you see your partner
every day every day so
less once intensely and I'm
speaking with tongue because the little
of the piquito as it becomes very common and
it's not what the soul really needs
and the body